Revising documentation (#188)
axem-solutions/dem: docs/index.md

# Introduction

## **What is DEM?**

> DEM (Development Environment Manager) is an **open-source command line tool for setting up, managing, and sharing Development Environments** for software teams.

Reviewer: "for software teams" -> not needed

> DEM empowers developers to **create, modify, and maintain consistent Development Environments with ease**, bridging the gap between code creation and deployment.

Reviewer: ", bridging the gap between code creation and deployment"
I don't understand what this means.

> With DEM, you can manage your development infrastructure just as you manage your codebase. By adopting DEM's methodologies for environment setup and management, you can significantly reduce context switching and the time between ideation and execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With DEM, you can manage your development infrastructure and codebase with the same version control system. By adopting DEM's methodologies for environment setup and management, you can significantly reduce the time needed for context switching.
```

Author: Removed fort sentence. modified second.

### :octicons-container-24: **Isolated Tool Environments**
- Tools can interfere with each other or the host system in generic setups.
- DEM uses **containerization** to create **isolated environments** for tools, ensuring consistency.

### :arrows_counterclockwise: **Scalable Tool Management**
- Changes in development tools are frequent.
- DEM allows **quick swapping of tool images** and ensures **safe coexistence** of different tool versions.

### :material-share: **Reliable Development Environment Sharing**
- Consistency across Development Environments is crucial.
- DEM enables **easy sharing** of Development Environments with coworkers.

### :rocket: **Quick and Reproducible Setup**
- Setting up new projects or modifying old ones can be time-consuming.
- DEM ensures **quick** and **simple installation**, and allows for **reinstallation whenever needed**.

!!! linux_support "DEM for Linux"
    Linux operating system is fully supported.

    Check out the [Installation](https://www.axemsolutions.io/dem_doc/latest/installation/) section and feel free to ask any questions
    in our community through [Discord](https://discord.gg/3aHuJBNvrJ).

!!! windows_support "DEM for Windows"

>     Coming soon...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    DEM can be used in Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
    
    Native Windows support is coming soon!
```
